# Protocol from April 28th 2020

### Present parties:
* Group 13 representatives: Leonhard Badenberg, Patrik BÃ¼tler, **Luka Obser**

### Agenda:
* Discussion of progress

### Discussion of progress:
* Due to high workload from other courses front-end development made no progress. This isn't a problem since it was advanced further than back-end development at the time of the last meeting.
* Back-end development made problem but uncertainties about group 4s API were still present.
* Questions about the presence of dummy data emerged.
* Use-case 4 was discussed but no constructive progress was made.

#### Resulting tasks:
* Scheduling a meeting with group 4 ([protocol here](https://github.com/cn-uofbasel/BACnet/blob/master/groups/13-sneakernet/docs/May_7th_Protocol.md))
* Finish UI to accommodate use-cases 1-3
* Link front and back end

#### Next meeting:
The next orderly meeting was set to take place the following weekend but was subsequently cancelled due to the group members' othercoursly obligations.

The next meeting that took place was on May 7th
