# Protocol from April 14th 2020

### Present parties:
* Group 13 representatives: Leonhard Badenberg, Patrik BÃ¼tler, **Luka Obser**
* Group 14 representative: Damian Knuchel

### Agenda:
* Compilation of use-cases
* Discussion about integration of other groups
* Conversation with group 14 representative 
* Delegation of tasks

#### Compilation of use-cases:
We have formulated 4 core use-cases that can be found as an attachment to the [scope statement](https://github.com/cn-uofbasel/BACnet/blob/group13/groups/13-sneakernet/docs/Scope%20Statement.md
).
From those we plan to derive more concrete requirements that will be elaborated in said scope statement.
While they might not fully cover all functionality we have in mind they are the most essential ones. 
More may be added at a later stage.

#### Integration of other groups:
In addition to group 1 and 4 that we had previously mentioned we found interest in the service group 14 set out to provide.
Having had a conversation with a representative we are confident that the library they provide could prove beneficial in determining which events to export when dealing with limited storage. 

### Resulting tasks:
* Leonhard will meet with group 1 on April 14th
* Patrik will meet with group 4 on April 14th
* Luka will meet with group 10 on April 15th (post meeting result)
* [Scope statement](https://github.com/cn-uofbasel/BACnet/blob/group13/groups/13-sneakernet/docs/Scope%20Statement.md) will be worked on in cooperation

