# Protocol from April 22nd 2020

### Present parties:
* Group 13 representatives: Leonhard Badenberg, Patrik BÃ¼tler, **Luka Obser**

### Agenda:
* Discussion of progress

### Discussion of progress:
* Front end development is making good progress
    * The UI will be implemented using PySimpleGUI
    * We have a simple prototype and are currently evaluating different possible designs
    * It is very plausible that the GUI could be finished by the end of this week
* Back end development has a few problems:
    * Understanding of the BACnets architecture is worse than expected 
    * There are uncertainties about how group 4's API looks like
* Group 10 has decided that integration of our service will no longer be a main objective. This endeavour has been shelved.

#### Tasks to be done before next meeting:
* Each of us will reexamine the BACnets architecture so that we can progress with back end development
* A meeting with group 4 will be held to clear aforementioned uncertainties 
* Front end development will look into ways to pass directories through the GUI

#### Next meeting:
The next orderly meeting will take place the following Tuesday.
