# Protocol from June 25th 2020

### Present parties:
* Group 13 representatives: Leonhard Badenberg, Patrik BÃ¼tler, **Luka Obser**

### Agenda:
* Discuss final cleanup in preparation for the conclusion of this project

#### Final cleanup:
* Final version from the live demonstrations needs to be merged into our folder
* Code needs to be commented
* Dependencies need to be reworked:
    * Currently the interfaces provided by group 4 (and by extension 7) are copied into our repository.
     We are considering to delete them and to ask the user through the GUI to install group 4s interface according to their manual.
     

#### Task assignment:
* Patrik has already merged our code during this meeting
* Comments will be written by those who wrote the code
* Implementation of the dependency check is not a priority but Leonhard will take care of it if he can find the time
* Luka will clean up the repository and recheck old docs