# Protocol from May 11th 2020

### Present parties:
* Prof. Dr. Christian Tschudin
* Group 13 representatives: Leonhard Badenberg, Patrik BÃ¼tler, **Luka Obser**

### Agenda:
* Discussion of open questions (no notable insights were gained)
* Reevaluation of projects scope

### Reevaluation of projects scope:
After getting everyone up-to-date we discussed more polished alternatives to our current resource management. After some discussion we think that we arrived at something that would greatly increase our programs efficiency. The applicability of the suggestions compiled will be discussed in a meeting with group 4 as we largely depend on their service and have to consider them in our implementations.

Last but not least we discussed possible improvements to our UX .

#### Results:
* Front end development will consider Prof. Dr. Tschudins input to improve the UX
* Back end development will implement more efficient resource management
* Management will update the use cases formulated in our scope statement
* Joint meeting with groups 4, 13 and 14 to discuss feed control (protocol can be found [here](https://github.com/cn-uofbasel/BACnet/blob/master/groups/13-sneakernet/docs/May_12th_Protocol.md))
