# Protocol from May 7th 2020

### Present parties:
* Group 4 representatives: Günes Aydin, Nikodem Kernbach, Joey Zgraggen
* Group 13 representatives: Patrik Bütler, **Luka Obser**
* Group 14 representatives: Damian Knuchel

### Agenda:
* Discussion of integration of each other

### Discussion of integration:
* The implementation of the more complex resource management that group 13 came up with doesn't interfere with group 4's offered functionality
* Group 14's feed control will be implemented inside group 4's functionality. Creation of additional means of feed control for group 13 should not be necessary but may be topic of a later meeting if there is time left before the projects deadline.

#### Next meeting:
A meeting with group 14 was suggested to take place late next week if there is time and need to integrate additional feed control.