# Protocol from May 21st 2020

### Present parties:
* Group 13 representatives: Leonhard Badenberg, Patrik BÃ¼tler, **Luka Obser**

### Agenda:
* Discussion of the current state of progress
* Discussion on tasks to be done by the weekend

### State of progress:
* Back end:
    * most of the work is done but there still is some confusion about the new format of events/files/etc.
* Front end:
    * uncertainties about the scope of our project and issues creating the interface to the back end

### Next steps:
* Leonhard will set up the interface connecting front and back end
* Patrik will work on creating an environment for testing
* Luka will restructure and document the code 

#### Next meeting:
The next orderly meeting is planned for this sunday but individual members of the group will meet at their own discretion.