# Meeting with Group 1 on April 14th 2020

### Present parties:
* Group 1 representatives: Tim Keller, Mateusz Palasz, Oliver Weinmeier
* Group 13 representative: **Leonhard Badenberg**

### Agenda:
* Getting a better understanding of each others projects
* Getting to know the similarities and common problems we might face
* Laying a foundation for future communication and interaction

### Takeaway from Meeting:
* They have a very similar project
  * Main difference: Instead of a physical transfer method they will use something like bluetooth.
      * They can check the difference between the logs directly and then bring both to the same level.
      * They won't to any mobile integration.
  * Similar questions about logs can be asked to database groups like group 4 together or the answers can be shared between us.
* We will stay in contact to help each other in case similar problems arise.