## Agenda

This is the agenda of the first meeting of the groups concerned with the log. It will hold place sometime in week 14 2020.

### Items:

* Presentation of the three projects individually
* Points of contact
* Interfaces
* Timestamp/indexing issues
* Further communication
* Next meeting

###Â Reading material:
* [Indexing Support for Decentralized SSB Apps - a Case Study](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PyjW1zXxL00kidhn7R9k6mvYNqSiTugD/view?usp=sharing)
* [On the timestamps in the tangle](https://assets.ctfassets.net/r1dr6vzfxhev/4iQXZ7bZGwSsE26SkqOQao/2ebf046578dabec5c1d3c48ed442c86f/On_timestamps_in_the_Tangle.pdf)
